[One]
Change the word I to Everyone.

[Two]
Take the last word of each sentence and replace it with the last word of the next sentence. 

[Three]
Make everything a run-one sentence.

"Helping other people helps me.

Having guts always works out for me.

Thinking life will be better in the future is stupid. I have to live now.

Starting a charity is surprisingly easy. 

Being not truthful works against me.

Everything I do always comes back to me.

Assuming is Stifling.

Drugs feel great in the beginning and become a drag later on.

Over time I get used to everything and start taking for granted.

Money does not make me happy

Traveling alone is helpful for a new perspective on life.

Keeping a diary support personal development.

Trying to look good limits my life.

Material luxuries are best enjoyed in small doses. 

Worrying solves nothing.

Complaining is silly. Either act or forget.

Actually Doing the things i set out to do increase my overall level of satisfaction.

Everybody thinks they are right.

Low expectations are a good strategy.

Whatever I want to explore professionally, its best to try it out for myself.

Everybody who is honest is interesting. "

- Stefan Sagmeister

CHANGED:

"Helping other people helps me;

Having guts always works out for now,

Thinking life will be better in the future is stupid. Everyone have to live easy:

Starting a charity is surprisingly me; 

Being not truthful works against me,

Everything Everyone do always comes back to stifiling,

Assuming is on;

Drugs feel great in the beginning and become a drag later granted,

Over time Everyone get used to everything and start taking for happy,

Money does not make me life,

Traveling alone is helpful for a new perspective on development,

Keeping a diary support personal life,

Trying to look good limits my doses,

Material luxuries are best enjoyed in small nothing,

Worrying solves forget,

Complaining is silly. Either act or satisfaction,

Actually Doing the things Everyone set out to do increase my overall level of right,

Everybody thinks they are strategy,

Low expectations are a good myself,

Whatever Everyone want to explore professionally, its best to try it out for interesting,

Everybody who is honest is me. "

- Stefan Sagmeister


"HELPING OTHERS HELPS ME!

Having guts always works out for me!

Starting a charity is surprisingly easy! 

Being not truthful works against me!

Everything I do always comes back to me!

Assuming is Stifling!

Drugs feel great in the beginning and become a drag later on!

Over time I get used to everything and start taking for granted!

Money does not make me happy!

Traveling alone is helpful for a new perspective on life!

Keeping a diary support personal development!

Trying to look good limits my life!

Material luxuries are best enjoyed in small doses! 

Worrying solves nothing!

Complaining is silly. Either act or forget!

Actually Doing the things i set out to do increase my overall level of satisfaction!

Everybody thinks they are right!

Low expectations are a good strategy!

Whatever I want to explore professionally, its best to try it out for myself!

Everybody who is honest is interesting!

Thinking life will be better in the future is stupid. I have to live now! "

- Stefan Sagmeister
